What's wrong with you?
If you have any problem with your wife,
you should apologize to me.
No, I'm not apologizing to you.
I don't like you.
Please leave me alone.
I'm your wife.
I'm sorry.
I cut your hair.
You're a man who wants to marry your wife.
You're a Japanese man.
And you cut your hair from your wife's side.
You're a man of your word.
I cut your hair.
I'm sorry.
I'm a man of my word.
Please leave me alone.
Listen to me.
I'm sorry.
I cut your hair.
I'm a man of my word.
I'm sorry.
I'm your husband.
You're a man of your word.
I cut your hair.
I'm sorry.
Where is he?
He's here.
Please show him to me.
You're the other man of this house?
I'm the night guard of this house.
You're a rich man.
From now on, you're my wife.
You're my wife.
Thank you.
You're a night guard.
You're the night guard.
I'm your husband.
I'm sorry.
I'm a man of my word.
I'm your husband.
The Japanese joint slice...